Docs: Add light/dark mode screenshot guidelines (#821)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/write/image-guidelines/index.md

- **Scope**: Limit the contents of an image to the relevant portion.

>   Don't include distracting or unnecessary content and whitespace, such as your browswer window or tabs, or other window decoration.

Author: ```suggestion
  Don't include distracting or unnecessary content and whitespace, or your browser window, browser tabs, or other window decoration.
```
